How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

	Commands like `FC` for windows or diff for linux are used to view the `diff` between two versions of a file
	and that will help a lot for debugging by easily compare (the two files the older and the newer one) to
	see the typos and the new modifications in the file.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

	it could help a lot in viewing the progress of my project and if want to roll back to an older
	version of it.
	services like: Dropbox, Google-Docs, Wikiperdia

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git,
vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does? 

	Manual commit(git):
		Pros:
		- it is always have small commit numbers as you choose when to commit, hence reserves small space on disk
		- control the logic flow of the project development
		Cons:
		- if you forgot to make a commit after a logical change in the project then it's hard to follow the logical flow
		  and hard to roll back of it if you want later
	auto commit(Google-docs):
		Pros:
		- it is best if you always forgot to make a commit, it will make it for you
		- if something went wrong i can roll back to the last commit which was earlier(from a small interval ago)
		Cons:
		- you will have a lot of commits that will make it hard for anyone including you to follow the logical
		  development of your project

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others,
like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

	Because git is more likely to be used for programmers and developers that make multiple files connected to each other
	like a function that if you changed it's signature all it's calls must be modified as well or a change in the HTML file
	that requires to modify the css and js files to make a complete website.
	While Google-docs is more specialized in simple document(text) modifications that each file is independent from the
	other.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

	`git log` is used to get the history of commits to my project and each commit has a commit id so that if i want to
	compare between two commits or see what each commit is about i can do it.
	`git diff` is used to get the difference between two commits to see the number of lines that have changed(del/add)
	and compare them to see the changes that was done to the code.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

	As i can use the `git checkout` to reverse back to a specific commit with it's id so if i make any unpleasant
	changes i can easily reverse it, hence i can code/program freely without the fear of breaking the project.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

	i want to use it in all my projects for programming and for web development